Add FPP contribution guide (#1048)
nasa/fpp: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing to FPP

FPP is part of the F´ ecosystem. Before contributing, please read the
[F´ contribution guide](https://github.com/nasa/fprime/blob/devel/CONTRIBUTING.md),
which describes the shared contribution process and review expectations.

For FPP contributions:

1. Work from an existing, approved, and unassigned issue, or open an issue and
   obtain approval through the F´ Change Control Board process described in the
   F´ guide.

> 2. For changes that are more than a simple bug fix, consult the FPP maintainers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Unless the issue is very simple (for example, a simple bug fix), consult the FPP maintainers
```

Author: Applied in 5a65e1f: the guidance now uses the requested simple-issue exception and example.

   before beginning implementation. They can help confirm scope and identify

>    the appropriate design and test approach.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   the appropriate design and test approach.
   To consult the FPP maintainers, you can post a comment on the open issue stating
   what you intend to do and asking for further guidance.
3. The [FPP wiki](https://github.com/nasa/fpp/wiki) has useful information for
   contributors, including a primer on programming in Scala and a process
   to follow for adding new features to FPP.
```

Author: Applied in 685239f: item 2 now explains how to consult maintainers through the issue, and item 3 links the FPP wiki resources.

# Contributing to FPP

FPP is part of the F´ ecosystem. Before contributing, please read the
[F´ contribution guide](https://github.com/nasa/fprime/blob/devel/CONTRIBUTING.md),
which describes the shared contribution process and review expectations.

For FPP contributions:

1. Work from an existing, approved, and unassigned issue, or open an issue and
   obtain approval through the F´ Change Control Board process described in the
   F´ guide.
2. Unless the issue is very simple (for example, a simple bug fix), consult the
   FPP maintainers before beginning implementation. They can help confirm scope
   and identify the appropriate design and test approach.
   To consult the FPP maintainers, you can post a comment on the open issue stating
   what you intend to do and asking for further guidance.
3. The [FPP wiki](https://github.com/nasa/fpp/wiki) has useful information for
   contributors, including a primer on programming in Scala and a process to
   follow for adding new features to FPP.

Keep pull requests focused on one approved issue, explain the rationale for

> the change, and run the relevant tests before submitting.

Reviewer 2: Minor nit but I found it is useful to have a short clause in here that says:

> As maintainers, we reserve the discretion to decline or close any contribution that we feel does not align with the project's direction, even if the work itself is sound. We will always try to explain our reasoning and, wherever possible, suggest a path forward. We greatly appreciate every contribution, and we hope opening a discussion early helps avoid disappointment on work that may not be a good fit.

Author: Added the requested maintainer-discretion clause in pushed head `6bc7a8f1ad117e37ea6489cab5072e82f356fe3f`. It states that maintainers may decline contributions outside project direction and will explain the reasoning and suggest a path forward where possible. `git diff --check` passes.

# Contributing to FPP

FPP is part of the F´ ecosystem. Before contributing, please read the
[F´ contribution guide](https://github.com/nasa/fprime/blob/devel/CONTRIBUTING.md),
which describes the shared contribution process and review expectations.

For FPP contributions:

1. Work from an existing, approved, and unassigned issue, or open an issue and
   obtain approval through the F´ Change Control Board process described in the
   F´ guide.
2. Unless the issue is very simple (for example, a simple bug fix), consult the
   FPP maintainers before beginning implementation. They can help confirm scope
   and identify the appropriate design and test approach.
   To consult the FPP maintainers, you can post a comment on the open issue stating
   what you intend to do and asking for further guidance.
3. The [FPP wiki](https://github.com/nasa/fpp/wiki) has useful information for
   contributors, including a primer on programming in Scala and a process to
   follow for adding new features to FPP.

Keep pull requests focused on one approved issue, explain the rationale for
the change, and run the relevant tests before submitting.

> Maintainers may decline or close a contribution that does not align with the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don't follow the process above, then we may not be able to accept your contribution.
In particular, the FPP maintainers may decline or close an unsolicited contribution
that does not align with the
```

Author: Addressed in 19e08e288a5dbc2f6cebb1bf96833680bff143a1. The guide now explicitly states that contributions may not be accepted when the documented process is not followed and identifies unsolicited, out-of-direction contributions. Verification on the exact pushed SHA: documentation-only diff and commit-range `git diff --check` passed.

> project's direction, even when the work itself is sound. They will try to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
project's direction, even if the work itself is sound. In this case, they will try to
```

Author: Addressed in 19e08e288a5dbc2f6cebb1bf96833680bff143a1. The wording now uses the requested "even if the work itself is sound" and "In this case" phrasing while preserving the explanation and path-forward commitment. Verification on the exact pushed SHA: documentation-only diff and commit-range `git diff --check` passed.
